Take your time.
Girl, you made these clothes.
Yes!
Every piece of clothing here is repaired by myself
This is a long-lost embroidery craft
I've been looking for a long time and can't find it.
Where did you learn it?
i
Can not remember
Just feel the fabric
It's subconsciously so show
Oh, it's so talented to set up a stall here
My owner
I have been looking for an embroidery girl who knows this embroidery process
I wonder if the girl is interested
Come to our house for green plants
May I ask who your house is?
If you say the prince
I would be scared
This girl is a wealthy family in the capital
Don't worry girl
This money is indispensable to you
There must be a lot of rules in big families
I still have my husband and mother-in-law to take care of at home
It might not be convenient.
Don't worry.
All you need to do is deliver the clothes to the house on time every month
It's almost done.
Let's press a piece of clothing.
50 taels counts as 50 taels.
Oh, really?
Okay, I'll take it. Okay
So be it.
I'll take it back first and show it to my master.
OK
Is that him? According to the news
He is the dragon girl that Lord Xuanying has been looking for
Hey, take it
You wait for my news.